# CampusConnect-project4
PROJECT 4- BANK ACCOUNTS

#Guidelines

This project is to be done after completing Module 4
Learners are suggested to use Eclipse IDE and Oracle for project development
Suggested duration: 64 person-hours (4 learners can do in 2 days)
Suggested team size: 4

#Objectives

After completing this project, the learner should be able to understand and implement the following concepts of OOP & Databases and their integration.
Classes and Objects in Python
Relationships amongst Classes – is-a, has-a, uses-a
UML Class diagram
Python – Oracle Integration
Basic Database Operations and clauses in SQL
Select, Update, Delete,, Functions, Group By and Having

#BANK ACCOUNTS

We are aware of banking services and would have done some transactions like deposit, withdrawal, transfer of funds and so on.
A bank typically has large number of customers and maintains the details of each customer i.e. what is the name of my customer, his address, account number, how much money is there in his account etc.
We also hear about multiple types of accounts like Saving account, Current account.
The project is to develop a banking application for a bank that has multiple customers spread across the country.
The Bank provides following services:
A customer can have either of the following type of accounts:
Savings Account – Generally used for temporary savings. Offers interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum on your savings. Maximum 10 withdrawals are allowed per month. No minimum balance is needed to open or maintain this account.
Current Account – Generally used by corporates and business men. No interest is offered on this account. No limit of on no. of withdrawals. A customer needs to have minimum 5K to open or maintain this account.
A customer can do following transactions:
Deposit and withdraw money in his account/s
Transfer money to other accounts
Print his account statement for given range of dates
Bank wants to maintain history of closed accounts i.e. which accounts have been closed on which dates. Bank admin can see this history.
Every customer has a customer-id and password to access his account.
When a new customer registers himself with the bank, a customer-id is auto generated by the bank and given to him.
Password needs to be set by the customer. It should be minimum 8 characters and can be any combination of numeric and alphabets.
Allow maximum 3 consecutive re-trials for unsuccessful login attempts.
Bank keeps following information of all customers to send regular updates
First and Last Name of customer
Address has following fields - Address Line 1, Line 2, City, State, Pincode. Pincode should be a 6 digit numeric and rest of the fields are strings.
Account no./s – Account no. is auto-generated by the bank on opening of a new account and is same as customer id.
Transactions (withdrawals & deposits) done by the customers on respective accounts
What needs to be done:
Develop OO model
Identify Classes, respective attributes and relationships among classes
Create Class diagram in UML
Write code for classes & methods, and given use cases
Develop DB model
Identify tables, respective fields and relationships among tables
Create tables
Execute given use cases
Application should show menu based choices as shown ahead for each of the given use cases.
After displaying result of a use case, appropriate menu should appear again and prompt for user’s choice.
Populate tables with sample data for testing
A customer can have only one account in a bank. (However, the next project i.e. Project V which will build incrementally on top of this project will allow customers to have multiple accounts in a bank.)
Interest on savings account is not getting applied.
Account once locked due to 3 successive erroneous password can not be unlocked.
Password is not encrypted.
